How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

The diff command helped me see the old and newer versions of the same file and the lines that had changed between the two. This way you can see if a bug was introduced.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

If you decide that a previous version of code had a better way of doing things, then you can go back to that version. Also you can experiment with new code without the fear that the experiment won't produce fruitful results and you will be left trying to remember the old way.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

pros: Commit after fully changing something, instead of in the middle. All changes in a commit are related. Commmits are neither too small nor too big.
cons: might forget to commit  until it gets too big. computer could crash before you get a chance to commit. If someone else is waiting on your code, you might take too long if you do manual commits.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Some version control systems are designed specifically for developers who have multiple related and interdependent files that should be tracked together.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log will show you all commits in history.
git diff will show you the difference between two commits or two files

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

It's relatively easy to go back to previous versions of your code and so you don't have to worry about changing things that might break it.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to use git for my android projects

